=== Wu2019 ===
The most significant error of the radio occultation ionospheric retrieval is brought by the spherical symmetric assumption of electron density in Abel inversion. We developed an improved inversion method that attaches additional horizontal constraints based on a background model in Guo et al. (2015, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jastp.2014.12.008) and found the effect of the method depends greatly on the accuracy of the background model. In this study, an improved ionospheric model, which applies radio occultation -based F2-layer parameters and an adaptive topside model into the International Reference Ionosphere (IRI), is employed as a new choice of background model. The improved inversion is evaluated in several aspects in the middle- and low-latitudinal regions during equinox season (from 19 March to 18 April in 2008 and 2012) and throughout the year. Results show that the artificial plasma caves underneath the equatorial ionization anomaly crests caused by Abel inversion is to some extent eliminated during the daytime, and the negative electron densities in the E layer are also reduced by the improved method. The comparison between Constellation Observing System for Meteorology, Ionosphere, and Climate events and colocated incoherent scatter radar (ISR)/ionosonde observations indicates comparable accuracy of both methods. Moreover, the Global Ionosphere Maps is introduced as true reference of the vertical total electron density content. The mean vertical total electron density content errors derived through the improved inversion method are less than that of Abel inversion in the global scope.

=== SONG20221380 ===
This study investigates the global ionospheric responses at different altitudes during the geomagnetic storm in September 2017 by using the observations from IGS GIMs and GRACE, TerraSAR-X, COSMIC, Metop LEO satellite missions. According to different satellite heights, a hierarchical subtraction method is proposed to characterize the disturbance of total electron content (TEC) at the vertical regions of below 340km, 340∼520km, 520∼800km and above 800km, respectively. The integrated TEC from IRI-Plas2017 are applied to verify the feasibility and rationality of the proposed method and the electron density (Ne) profiles from the ionosonde and radio occultation (RO) measurements are used to explore the variations of Ne in different height regions. The resulting TEC disturbances (ΔTEC) on a global scale show that: 1) There was significant increase on Ne peak in F2 region during the magnetic storm, due to the strong recombination in the lower ionosphere while more intense electron ionization in the upper ionosphere; 2) During the main phase, TEC enhancement had a tendency to drift westward, which may correlate with the twice Dst minimums. 3) The east–west and north–south hemispheric asymmetry of ΔTEC exist simultaneously in this magnetic storm. However, the former is mainly attributed to ionospheric plasma bubbles, while the latter might be the seasonal thermospheric effects or the energetic particle emissions.

